update readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/winforms-grid-create-gridview-descendant: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E900)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Data Grid for Windows Forms - How to create a GridView descendant and register it for design-time use

In v16.1 and higher, you can use the [Template Gallery](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/16492/whats-installed/template-gallery) to create a [GridView](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraGrid.Views.Grid.GridView) descendant with all required infrastructure classes. Use the `Custom Data Grid` template for this purpose.

> The current example shows how to create a GridView descendant without using this template. This descendant allows users to delete records when they press the `Delete` keyboard key. Build the project prior to opening the `Form1` form in Visual Studio's designer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current example shows how to create a GridView descendant without using this template. This descendant allows users to delete records when they press the `Delete` key. Build the project prior to opening the `Form1` form in the Visual Studio designer. 
```

* [MyGridViewInfo.cs](./CS/MyXtraGrid/MyGridViewInfo.cs) (VB: [MyGridViewInfo.vb](./VB/MyXtraGrid/MyGridViewInfo.vb))
* [Program.cs](./CS/MyXtraGrid/Program.cs) (VB: [Program.vb](./VB/MyXtraGrid/Program.vb))
<!-- default file list end -->

## See Also
- [Create GridView descendants](https://www.devexpress.com/Support/Center/p/A859)
- [DevExpress WinForms Troubleshooting - Grid Control](https://go.devexpress.com/CheatSheets_WinForms_Examples_T934742.aspx)
- [How to create a WinExplorerView descendant class and register it for design-time use](https://www.devexpress.com/Support/Center/p/T122347)
- [How to create a LayoutView descendant class and register it for design-time use](https://www.devexpress.com/Support/Center/p/T122335)
- [How to create a CardView descendant class and register it for design-time use](https://www.devexpress.com/Support/Center/p/T122333)

> - [How to create a AdvBandedGridView descendant class and register it for design-time use](https://www.devexpress.com/Support/Center/p/T122322)

Reviewer: Can you update this title (and the actual Support Center example title) as follows?

```suggestion
- [How to create an AdvBandedGridView descendant class and register it for design-time use](https://www.devexpress.com/Support/Center/p/T122322)
```
